Welcome to DHSI. Believe me, I wish I were there.
Maybe we should play music here. I could add MIDI right now.
[record scratch]
[chiptune music] Get off the chatbot.
Copilot is for entertainment purposes only.
Slop.
Chocolate-covered broccoli.
[broccoli intensifies]
Git is basically a time machine for your agents.
YOLO mode. YOLO mode.
This is not Windows. Things do not go to the recycling bin.
[emergency broadcast tone]
Breaking news. Anthropic has launched Fable 5. In the middle of class.
Screw you, Anthropic.
A Mythos-class model, made safe for general use.
Everyone in the world is now updating their Claude Code.
[alarm]
(slowed) We're done. We're all done.
Very Apple.
You're basically waking up. You have amnesia. This is someone else's computer.
In this exercise, we are Claude Code.
I'll be back. I'll be back. I'll be back. (rising in pitch)
The LLM didn't know how to press the gas.
[engine sputters and dies]
Don't launch OpenClaw. For God's sake.
Open- Open- OpenClaw.
I know kung fu. That's skills.
Be careful what you prompt for.
Did you do the right job?
Of course I did.
Of course I did. (higher)
Of-of-of course I did.
(slowed) OF COURSE I DID.
Show me the evidence.
All six findings fixed and verified.
Day five. Demo day.
A bluetooth scanner!
Evil I!
Penny Runner!
Ed tech transparency!
Smash the patriarchy!
Feminist theory, into practice!
A local patent database!
Archive prep tools!
A python cat game!
All built in one week. By humanists.
We have gotten to the promised land.
I hope you all have great plans for Montreal tonight.
Tokens. Tokens. Tokens. Tokens. (fading)
[music fades]